I was my Father's fulltime caregiver until his death from Vascular Dementia and a stroke in 2010. I watched him go from an exceptionally competent and highly fuctional man to a dead man in my arms, over the course of one incredibly difficult and heartbreaking year. First je started moaning lodly at night. Then he fell tring to go to the bathroom, and when I tried to stand him up, he kept falling backwards because he felt like he was falling forward. He never walked again. I made him a giant king-size adjustable hospital bed, and we spent many hours before he lost the ability to talk singing old English bar songs, as he was English, by birth and lived there until his 20s. He was my best friend, for decades before he died. We flew planes together as pilots, We traveled together, on our own planes, and on motorcycles. He lost the ability to swallow, so he got a feeding tube put first up his nose, then in his side, which he kept pulling out when delirious, as it irritated him. Before he lost the ability to talk, I asked him if he knew who I was... He said, "Of course I do... You're my brother!" I said yes Dad, I am your brother, and went and cried in my own room. I changed his diapers. I battled insurance ompanies who did not want to pay for his feeding tube to be put back in. I even put it back in myself once, using a bubble catheter so he couldn't pull it out anymore, then sucked his stomach acid out to test that the tube had made it into his stomach, by testing the juice with litmus paper. The next day I fed him Barium Sulfate from a previous procedure, and took him in and demanded his doctor xray him to ensure correct tube placement. He said it was perfect. Nevertheless, Dad got sicker and sicker, until nothing in the world could save him. One morning he woke up with the death rattles, I called his Hospice nurse, and she administered an overdose of morphine, which ended his life.  Now read the lyrics of A Shadow Descends, and you tell me what this song means to me, and why I wrote it, and why it has done so well, Claude... I am crying as I write this